# A comprehensive history of soccer.
#### Video Demo:  https://youtu.be/lyjWXbnwaIE
#### Description: 
My final project consists of a page that enables the user to take a soccer quiz and study for this quiz with the material provided. The study material can be found in info.html and the quiz in the quiz.html. The index.html file or the main page denotes the main page for the website and allows the user to either study or take the quiz immediately. I have a picture of a soccer ball on this page simply to add decoration to this page.

The information first starts off with an overview of the ancient forms of the sport and how the game was originally developed. The next section details how the game evolved into the game we know today as well as some information about some of the major tournaments in the sport and when these started. The last section covers statistics and trivia related to the current form of the game. In addition to the html files that contain the main content of the project, there are also css and other project files held within the 'static' folder which have in part been provided by a bootstrap template. The bootstrap template is primarily used to give a better feel and look to the webpage. I also made the decision to use a bootstrap template because I wanted to become more familiar with the process of adapting my website content into a predefined template and I think it woudld help me better understand how these templates are used. Using a template like this is preferable to devising one's own template in my view as it allows for a focus on website functionality without sacraficing aesthetics.

 The quiz file contains some javascript functions in addition to html and css content. The javascript functionality is used to help provide the user with feedback to their performance with a presentation of their overall score and the questions that they got wrong. The website also lets the user know how they can reset the quiz and reattempt the questions provided. The colour of the forms containing the questioons changes colour based on the validity of the user input. Green and Red were selected to inform the user of correct and incorrect answers as I feel that this design choice is intuitive and easy to understand. I also implemented a feature where a user is also informed about whether they have left some questions blank. I have chosen to have the form background colour change to grey to reflect this change. I feel that the colour used to represent this occurrence is somewhat inuitive. 

 Note: The template is from https://startbootstrap.com/template/bare.